poor Alfred Becker now achieving a wheel
are your rebound opposite manage another
one it's gone Sam jr. puts the magic
and on the powerpoint and the magician's
lead wore nothing
sad
Gary's it looks to turn the corner
spring and was hooked a little bit but I
got through anyways
clearly is now a swing will apply some
pressure get him turn yet some problems
628 to go Czerniak skates through the
neutral zone then the V zone walks
around at the belt and scores
sure
that's gonna do it quacks ipod covers up
spins it starts to rush yours ran from
the right wing sneak by one what's the
little waxing
rocky
1030 for the third period and that is
picture-perfect
man Jones now a little bit in decision
by wedding and Jones gets around him
films pulls up in front roms ago well
back in stone
the ice buyers are feeling it right now
Austin long's it takes the pass from
Jones push the backhand away it's for
nothing Iceland he's what the 2-1
shootout wait here is that one of two
for two in the shoot house
Nick farmer coming in got a great game
and he continues that scoring the second
goal here deck will throw it in deep it
rims around near side Corey Hoffman
collect centers back to front one timer
saved by pick over the right pad his
stuff down but a nice race defense and
pick our coming up strong once again
door knocks it away
rough bad angle path your scabbard shot
save rebound and what they scare me wow
and the magic lead to nothing on a loop
Luke he gets his 22nd of the season is a
magic they 200
back
pass on the right side for eco soccer
down a bottle those are interchanged
father comes in his own reason corazon
see the girls weights cuts to the left
back across Ian shots car by you he goes
oh what a play granular zosky set that
up beautifully and unique osaka with a
beautiful finish and the Roadrunners
pour it on they now lead it poured
enough it oh yeah he ran away to cat
here's Nick tack leading showed off
waking up the middle
the matter
and the Jazz take up for wash ground hey
Brad loose any bounce off the back board
comes out to the front of the net and
scrolling back to the net of showers
Elliot Lorraine OH
the line cuts in groups going back
playing in front with a shot stop by
casa rebound blade away we're in some
racing after it again Staple listen
trying to get a prank this i mean on
goal takes the shot he gets taken down
he's gone
short-handed goal 315 Cortez fired it
off the rear end or a bird that'll make
the jacked up the other way either
you're not by he fired
often
when they take the gate pass
the back deck name in a nice play made
it pushes a board don't try to be
Jorgenson Jorgensen dies down show stone
at the cello a stone wall or door man
that Jones took the port from Jorgensen
and somehow pissed if I wish oh it's two
nothing I spires of bed and 22 seconds
into the third and now just one hand a
rush developing a briar gets a left-wing
half long he holds on trying to see if i
get the stars Brad Lilia would have
touched her right over top of panic real
time he's at one short ended
and then
over ships by renaker to Baker over on
the far corner Baker to Hayes he's a
nice guy
tyler hayes blistering that one off the
bar down bar mexico as the kids call it
and the Road Runner is leading
arizuka say they saw
we'll reported it on the
it is but the lead in half
for the first time this evening
I